Hello, I am the winged fairy and the toy that
I will bring flying to your home is
this
the puppet set and the puzzle
pepa wood pib with these numbers
we will learn to count on these barionet
As sure we will have a great time
fun to look at this is the box the
toy
here comes everything that includes two
puppets plus wooden puzzle look
What fun
we have a lot of models this in
watch to learn the hours
this is the numbers that we are going to
play but we also have the one of the
vowels and this one that has vowels lyrics
I mean consonant vowels and numbers
you want us to open it
This game includes two puppets of
Daddy and his mommy mom just look here
you can put our hands because
has so that you can put here the
hand inside look for example like this
and then you can move all the
head little arms and legs
you are all
are super soft fluffy look I'm going
take a turn so you can see the
little dress from pep to pique
now from a back daddy mom
what is now a hug with the
graffiti
then the game includes these two
puppets
Y
this are all the numbers of 0
until 9 so you can remove them and
Then put it back in its place and know
which one goes first and which one goes after
first to 0 the 1 the 2 the 3 the 4 the 5 the
6 on 7, 8 and 9
Hi, I'm from daddy, where is my mom
mom
also
what to do some exercises
mathematics that the teacher has given me
you help me I help you
the numbers here are the numbers d
you know
you know what the number three is if this
Dad's pig
and you know what the number 8 is on the 8th
is this
the number 8 is this
more than learning more the numbers but
do not worry about the problem that is
taking we are going to learn everything what
fun to see let's start
what is the but
and how much do mom and dad add?
that is 4 354 masterson
in the world
because with this game you can play all and
drop all the numbers has you
I liked it a lot for a very good time
not thus learned many math
dismiss to classes a useful dismissal will
I was educating, okay mom, goodbye, little friends, other
day we can play more numbers
when we subscribe goodbye